Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/pushpins/font-based-pushpins.md

---
title: "Font based Pushpins | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Provides how to use a custom font from the Font Awesome library to create custom pushpin icons for usage on a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Example code demonstrating how to use a custom font to create a pushpin icon using an off-screen canvas to measure the text and create an image from the font. Fonts are created using the Font Awesome library.
```
